modules/terraform-aws-proxy/README.md, before:

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
# Terraform Module for AWS Transit Gateway

This module contains resource files and example variable definition files for creation of AWS Transity Gateway (TGW) and attaching a specified list of VPCs via the TGW. This module also updates both the Transit Gateway and VPC route tables. This module can be used to assist in deploying Cloudera Data Platform (CDP) Public Cloud in a fully private networking configuration where a CDP VPC and Networking VPC are connected using the Transit Gateway.

## Usage

The [examples](./examples) directory has example of using this module:

* `ex01-vpc-tgw-attach` demonstrates how this module can be used to use a Transit Gateway to attach a private CDP VPC with a dedicated networking VPC. The [terraform-aws-vpc](../../../terraform-aws-vpc/README.md) module is also used as part of this example.

The README and sample `terraform.tfvars.sample` describe how to use the example.

## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | > 1.3.0 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | ~> 4.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | ~> 4.0 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_autoscaling_attachment.proxy_asg_tg_attach](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/autoscaling_attachment) | resource |
| [aws_autoscaling_group.proxy_asg](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/autoscaling_group) | resource |
| [aws_launch_template.proxy_lt](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/launch_template) | resource |
| [aws_lb.proxy_lb](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/lb) | resource |
| [aws_lb_listener.proxy_lb_listener](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/lb_listener) | resource |
| [aws_lb_target_group.proxy_tg](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/lb_target_group) | resource |
| [aws_route.vpc_tgw_route](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/route) | resource |
| [aws_security_group.proxy_sg](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/security_group) | resource |
| [aws_security_group_rule.proxy_egress](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/security_group_rule) | resource |
| [aws_security_group_rule.proxy_ingress](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/security_group_rule) | resource |
| [aws_security_group_rule.proxy_lb_ingress](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/security_group_rule) | resource |
| [aws_ami.proxy_default_ami](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/ami) | data source |
| [aws_network_interface.proxy_lb](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/network_interface) | data source |
| [aws_region.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/region) | data source |
| [aws_route_table.proxy_rt](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/route_table) | data source |
| [aws_vpc.proxy_vpc](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/vpc) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_lb_subnet_ids"></a> [lb\_subnet\_ids](#input\_lb\_subnet\_ids) | The IDs of the subnet for the Network Load Balancer | `list(any)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_network_load_balancer_name"></a> [network\_load\_balancer\_name](#input\_network\_load\_balancer\_name) | Name of Network Load Balancer for the Proxy. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_proxy_autoscaling_group_name"></a> [proxy\_autoscaling\_group\_name](#input\_proxy\_autoscaling\_group\_name) | Name of Autoscaling Group for the Proxy VMs. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_proxy_aws_keypair_name"></a> [proxy\_aws\_keypair\_name](#input\_proxy\_aws\_keypair\_name) | SSH Keypair name for the proxy VM | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_proxy_launch_template_name"></a> [proxy\_launch\_template\_name](#input\_proxy\_launch\_template\_name) | Name of Launch Template for the Proxy VMs. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_proxy_subnet_ids"></a> [proxy\_subnet\_ids](#input\_proxy\_subnet\_ids) | The IDs of the subnet where the proxy VMs will run | `list(any)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_target_group_proxy_name"></a> [target\_group\_proxy\_name](#input\_target\_group\_proxy\_name) | Name of Target Group for the Proxy. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_vpc_id"></a> [vpc\_id](#input\_vpc\_id) | VPC ID for where the proxy VM will run | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_autoscaling_group_scaling"></a> [autoscaling\_group\_scaling](#input\_autoscaling\_group\_scaling) | Minimum, maximum and desired size of EC2 instance in the Auto Scaling Group. | <pre>object({<br>    min_size         = number<br>    max_size         = number<br>    desired_capacity = number<br>  })</pre> | <pre>{<br>  "desired_capacity": 3,<br>  "max_size": 6,<br>  "min_size": 3<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_aws_region"></a> [aws\_region](#input\_aws\_region) | AWS region, used in Proxy Whitelist configuration files. If not provided will perform lookup of aws\_region data source. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_cdp_region"></a> [cdp\_region](#input\_cdp\_region) | CDP Control Plane region, used in Proxy Whitelist configuration files. | `string` | `"us-west-1"` | no |
| <a name="input_create_proxy_sg"></a> [create\_proxy\_sg](#input\_create\_proxy\_sg) | Flag to specify if the Security Group for the proxy should be created. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_egress_rules"></a> [egress\_rules](#input\_egress\_rules) | List of egress rules to create. Used only if create\_proxy\_sg is true | <pre>list(object({<br>    cidrs     = list(string)<br>    from_port = number<br>    to_port   = optional(number)<br>    protocol  = string<br>  }))</pre> | <pre>[<br>  {<br>    "cidrs": [<br>      "0.0.0.0/0"<br>    ],<br>    "from_port": 0,<br>    "protocol": "all",<br>    "to_port": 0<br>  }<br>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_enable_proxy_public_ip"></a> [enable\_proxy\_public\_ip](#input\_enable\_proxy\_public\_ip) | Assign a public IP address to the Proxy VM | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_env_tags"></a> [env\_tags](#input\_env\_tags) | Tags applied to provisioned resources | `map(any)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_ingress_rules"></a> [ingress\_rules](#input\_ingress\_rules) | List of ingress rules to create. Used only if create\_proxy\_sg is true | <pre>list(object({<br>    cidrs     = list(string)<br>    from_port = number<br>    to_port   = optional(number)<br>    protocol  = string<br>  }))</pre> | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_proxy_aws_ami"></a> [proxy\_aws\_ami](#input\_proxy\_aws\_ami) | The AWS AMI to use for the proxy VM | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_proxy_aws_instance_type"></a> [proxy\_aws\_instance\_type](#input\_proxy\_aws\_instance\_type) | The EC2 instance type to use for the proxy VM | `string` | `"t3.medium"` | no |
| <a name="input_proxy_launch_template_user_data_file"></a> [proxy\_launch\_template\_user\_data\_file](#input\_proxy\_launch\_template\_user\_data\_file) | Location of the AWS Launch Template user data script. If not specified the files/user-data-proxy.sh.tpl file accompanying the module is used. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_proxy_port"></a> [proxy\_port](#input\_proxy\_port) | Port number which the proxy and NLB listens | `number` | `3129` | no |
| <a name="input_proxy_security_group_id"></a> [proxy\_security\_group\_id](#input\_proxy\_security\_group\_id) | ID for existing Security Group to be used for the proxy VM. Required when create\_proxy\_sg is false | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_proxy_security_group_name"></a> [proxy\_security\_group\_name](#input\_proxy\_security\_group\_name) | Name of Proxy Security Group for CDP environment. Used only if create\_proxy\_sg is true. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_proxy_whitelist_file"></a> [proxy\_whitelist\_file](#input\_proxy\_whitelist\_file) | Location of the Proxy Whitelist file. If not specified the files/squid-http-whitelist.txt.tpl file accompanying the module is used. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_route_tables_to_update"></a> [route\_tables\_to\_update](#input\_route\_tables\_to\_update) | List of any route tables to update to point to the Network interface of the Proxy VM | <pre>list(object({<br>    route_tables           = list(string)<br>    destination_cidr_block = string<br>  }))</pre> | `[]` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_proxy_lb_arn"></a> [proxy\_lb\_arn](#output\_proxy\_lb\_arn) | ARN of the Proxy Load Balancer |
| <a name="output_proxy_lb_dns_name"></a> [proxy\_lb\_dns\_name](#output\_proxy\_lb\_dns\_name) | DNS Name of the Proxy Load Balancer |
| <a name="output_proxy_port"></a> [proxy\_port](#output\_proxy\_port) | Port where Proxy is running |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

Commit message:

Update README for proxy module
Signed-off-by: Jim Enright <jenright@cloudera.com>

modules/terraform-aws-proxy/README.md, after:

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
# Terraform Module for AWS Transit Gateway

This module contains resource files and example variable definition files to create and configure and EC2 Auto-Scaling Group to create a highly available Squid Proxy service. A Network Load Balancer is also created to forward traffic to the proxy instances. This module can be used to assist in deploying Cloudera Data Platform (CDP) Public Cloud in a fully private networking configuration where the CDP Environment uses a proxy configuration via the Network Load Balancer.

## Usage

The [examples](./examples) directory has example of using this module:

* `ex01-minimal_inputs` demonstrates how this module can be used to create Squid proxy instances and NLB in a networking VPC. The [terraform-aws-vpc](../../../terraform-aws-vpc/README.md) module is also used as part of this example.

The sample `terraform.tfvars.sample` describes the required inputs for the example.

## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | > 1.3.0 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | ~> 4.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | ~> 4.0 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_autoscaling_attachment.proxy_asg_tg_attach](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/autoscaling_attachment) | resource |
| [aws_autoscaling_group.proxy_asg](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/autoscaling_group) | resource |
| [aws_launch_template.proxy_lt](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/launch_template) | resource |
| [aws_lb.proxy_lb](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/lb) | resource |
| [aws_lb_listener.proxy_lb_listener](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/lb_listener) | resource |
| [aws_lb_target_group.proxy_tg](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/lb_target_group) | resource |
| [aws_route.vpc_tgw_route](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/route) | resource |
| [aws_security_group.proxy_sg](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/security_group) | resource |
| [aws_security_group_rule.proxy_egress](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/security_group_rule) | resource |
| [aws_security_group_rule.proxy_ingress](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/security_group_rule) | resource |
| [aws_security_group_rule.proxy_lb_ingress](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/security_group_rule) | resource |
| [aws_ami.proxy_default_ami](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/ami) | data source |
| [aws_network_interface.proxy_lb](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/network_interface) | data source |
| [aws_region.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/region) | data source |
| [aws_route_table.proxy_rt](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/route_table) | data source |
| [aws_vpc.proxy_vpc](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/vpc) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_lb_subnet_ids"></a> [lb\_subnet\_ids](#input\_lb\_subnet\_ids) | The IDs of the subnet for the Network Load Balancer | `list(any)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_network_load_balancer_name"></a> [network\_load\_balancer\_name](#input\_network\_load\_balancer\_name) | Name of Network Load Balancer for the Proxy. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_proxy_autoscaling_group_name"></a> [proxy\_autoscaling\_group\_name](#input\_proxy\_autoscaling\_group\_name) | Name of Autoscaling Group for the Proxy VMs. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_proxy_aws_keypair_name"></a> [proxy\_aws\_keypair\_name](#input\_proxy\_aws\_keypair\_name) | SSH Keypair name for the proxy VM | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_proxy_launch_template_name"></a> [proxy\_launch\_template\_name](#input\_proxy\_launch\_template\_name) | Name of Launch Template for the Proxy VMs. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_proxy_subnet_ids"></a> [proxy\_subnet\_ids](#input\_proxy\_subnet\_ids) | The IDs of the subnet where the proxy VMs will run | `list(any)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_target_group_proxy_name"></a> [target\_group\_proxy\_name](#input\_target\_group\_proxy\_name) | Name of Target Group for the Proxy. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_vpc_id"></a> [vpc\_id](#input\_vpc\_id) | VPC ID for where the proxy VM will run | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_autoscaling_group_scaling"></a> [autoscaling\_group\_scaling](#input\_autoscaling\_group\_scaling) | Minimum, maximum and desired size of EC2 instance in the Auto Scaling Group. | <pre>object({<br>    min_size         = number<br>    max_size         = number<br>    desired_capacity = number<br>  })</pre> | <pre>{<br>  "desired_capacity": 3,<br>  "max_size": 6,<br>  "min_size": 3<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_aws_region"></a> [aws\_region](#input\_aws\_region) | AWS region, used in Proxy Whitelist configuration files. If not provided will perform lookup of aws\_region data source. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_cdp_region"></a> [cdp\_region](#input\_cdp\_region) | CDP Control Plane region, used in Proxy Whitelist configuration files. | `string` | `"us-west-1"` | no |
| <a name="input_create_proxy_sg"></a> [create\_proxy\_sg](#input\_create\_proxy\_sg) | Flag to specify if the Security Group for the proxy should be created. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_egress_rules"></a> [egress\_rules](#input\_egress\_rules) | List of egress rules to create. Used only if create\_proxy\_sg is true | <pre>list(object({<br>    cidrs     = list(string)<br>    from_port = number<br>    to_port   = optional(number)<br>    protocol  = string<br>  }))</pre> | <pre>[<br>  {<br>    "cidrs": [<br>      "0.0.0.0/0"<br>    ],<br>    "from_port": 0,<br>    "protocol": "all",<br>    "to_port": 0<br>  }<br>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_enable_proxy_public_ip"></a> [enable\_proxy\_public\_ip](#input\_enable\_proxy\_public\_ip) | Assign a public IP address to the Proxy VM | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_env_tags"></a> [env\_tags](#input\_env\_tags) | Tags applied to provisioned resources | `map(any)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_ingress_rules"></a> [ingress\_rules](#input\_ingress\_rules) | List of ingress rules to create. Used only if create\_proxy\_sg is true | <pre>list(object({<br>    cidrs     = list(string)<br>    from_port = number<br>    to_port   = optional(number)<br>    protocol  = string<br>  }))</pre> | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_proxy_aws_ami"></a> [proxy\_aws\_ami](#input\_proxy\_aws\_ami) | The AWS AMI to use for the proxy VM | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_proxy_aws_instance_type"></a> [proxy\_aws\_instance\_type](#input\_proxy\_aws\_instance\_type) | The EC2 instance type to use for the proxy VM | `string` | `"t3.medium"` | no |
| <a name="input_proxy_launch_template_user_data_file"></a> [proxy\_launch\_template\_user\_data\_file](#input\_proxy\_launch\_template\_user\_data\_file) | Location of the AWS Launch Template user data script. If not specified the files/user-data-proxy.sh.tpl file accompanying the module is used. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_proxy_port"></a> [proxy\_port](#input\_proxy\_port) | Port number which the proxy and NLB listens | `number` | `3129` | no |
| <a name="input_proxy_security_group_id"></a> [proxy\_security\_group\_id](#input\_proxy\_security\_group\_id) | ID for existing Security Group to be used for the proxy VM. Required when create\_proxy\_sg is false | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_proxy_security_group_name"></a> [proxy\_security\_group\_name](#input\_proxy\_security\_group\_name) | Name of Proxy Security Group for CDP environment. Used only if create\_proxy\_sg is true. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_proxy_whitelist_file"></a> [proxy\_whitelist\_file](#input\_proxy\_whitelist\_file) | Location of the Proxy Whitelist file. If not specified the files/squid-http-whitelist.txt.tpl file accompanying the module is used. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_route_tables_to_update"></a> [route\_tables\_to\_update](#input\_route\_tables\_to\_update) | List of any route tables to update to point to the Network interface of the Proxy VM | <pre>list(object({<br>    route_tables           = list(string)<br>    destination_cidr_block = string<br>  }))</pre> | `[]` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_proxy_lb_arn"></a> [proxy\_lb\_arn](#output\_proxy\_lb\_arn) | ARN of the Proxy Load Balancer |
| <a name="output_proxy_lb_dns_name"></a> [proxy\_lb\_dns\_name](#output\_proxy\_lb\_dns\_name) | DNS Name of the Proxy Load Balancer |
| <a name="output_proxy_port"></a> [proxy\_port](#output\_proxy\_port) | Port where Proxy is running |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
