README.md, before:

# Terraform Modules for CDP Prerequisites

This repository contains a number of Terraform modules for creation of the pre-requisite Cloud resources on AWS and Azure and the deployment of Cloudera Data Platform (CDP) Public Cloud.

## Modules

* For AWS pre-requisite Cloud resources see [terraform-cdp-aws-prereqs](modules/terraform-cdp-aws-pre-reqs/README.md).
* For Azure pre-requisite Cloud resources see [terraform-cdp-azure-prereqs](modules/terraform-cdp-azure-pre-reqs/README.md).
* For deployment of CDP on Azure or AWS see [terraform-cdp-deploy](modules/terraform-cdp-deploy/README.md).

Each module contains Terraform resource configuration and example variable definition files.

## Usage

The [cdp-tf-quickstarts](https://github.com/cloudera-labs/cdp-tf-quickstarts) repository demonstrates how to use the modules together to deploy CDP on different cloud environments.

Each module also has a set of examples to show different configuration options for that module.

## Deployment

### Create infrastructure

Note that the instructions below give the steps to create pre-requisite resources and the CDP deployment all together. The modules can be used on their own to allow further customization.

1. Clone this repository using the following commands:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/cloudera-labs/terraform-cdp-modules.git
cd terraform-cdp-modules
```

2. To create cloud pre-requisite resources and the CDP deployment all together, change to the [terraform-cdp-deploy directory](./modules/terraform-cdp-deploy) and select one of the cloud providers.

```bash
cd modules/terraform-cdp-deploy/examples/ex<deployment_type>/
```

3. Create a `terraform.tfvars` file with variable definitions to run the module. Reference the `terraform.tfvars.sample` file in each example folder to create this file.

4. Run the Terraform module for the chosen deployment type:

```bash
terraform init
terraform apply
```

Once the deployment completes, you can create CDP Data Hubs and Data Services from the CDP Management Console (https://cdp.cloudera.com/).

## Clean up the infrastructure

If you no longer need the infrastructure that’s provisioned by the Terraform module, run the following command to remove the deployment infrastructure and terminate all resources.

```bash
terraform destroy
```

## External dependencies

The module includes the option to discover the cross account Ids and to run the CDP deployment using external tools.

To utilize these options extra requirements are needed - Python 3, Ansible 2.12, the CDP CLI, the [jq utility](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/download/) and a number of support Python libraries and Ansible collections.

A summary of the install and configuration steps for these additional requirements is given below.
We recommend these steps be performed within an Python virtual environment.

```bash
# Install jq as per instructions at https://stedolan.github.io/jq/download/
# Example for MacOS using homebew shown below
brew install jq

# Install the Ansible core Python package
pip install ansible-core==2.12.10 jmespath==1.0.1

# Install cdpy, a Pythonic wrapper for Cloudera CDP CLI. This in turn installs the CDP CLI.
pip install git+https://github.com/cloudera-labs/cdpy@main#egg=cdpy

# Install the cloudera.cloud Ansible Collection
ansible-galaxy collection install git+https://github.com/cloudera-labs/cloudera.cloud.git,devel

# Install the community.general Ansible Collection
ansible-galaxy collection install community.general:==5.5.0

# Configure cdp with CDP API access key ID and private key
cdp configure
```

NOTE - See the [CDP documentation for steps to Generate the API access key](https://docs.cloudera.com/cdp-public-cloud/cloud/cli/topics/mc-cli-generating-an-api-access-key.html) required in the `cdp configure` command above.

Commit message:

Updates for use of CDP Terraform provider (#21)
Signed-off-by: Jim Enright <jenright@cloudera.com>
Co-authored-by: Balazs Gaspar <balazs@cloudera.com>

README.md, after:

# Terraform Modules for CDP Prerequisites

This repository contains a number of Terraform modules for creation of the pre-requisite Cloud resources on AWS and Azure and the deployment of Cloudera Data Platform (CDP) Public Cloud.

## Modules

* For AWS pre-requisite Cloud resources see [terraform-cdp-aws-prereqs](modules/terraform-cdp-aws-pre-reqs/README.md).
* For Azure pre-requisite Cloud resources see [terraform-cdp-azure-prereqs](modules/terraform-cdp-azure-pre-reqs/README.md).
* For deployment of CDP on Azure or AWS see [terraform-cdp-deploy](modules/terraform-cdp-deploy/README.md).

Each module contains Terraform resource configuration and example variable definition files.

## Usage

The [cdp-tf-quickstarts](https://github.com/cloudera-labs/cdp-tf-quickstarts) repository demonstrates how to use the modules together to deploy CDP on different cloud environments.

Each module also has a set of examples to show different configuration options for that module.

## Deployment

### Create infrastructure

Note that the instructions below give the steps to create pre-requisite resources and the CDP deployment all together. The modules can be used on their own to allow further customization.

1. Clone this repository using the following commands:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/cloudera-labs/terraform-cdp-modules.git
cd terraform-cdp-modules
```

2. To create cloud pre-requisite resources and the CDP deployment all together, change to the [terraform-cdp-deploy directory](./modules/terraform-cdp-deploy) and select one of the cloud providers.

```bash
cd modules/terraform-cdp-deploy/examples/ex<deployment_type>/
```

3. Create a `terraform.tfvars` file with variable definitions to run the module. Reference the `terraform.tfvars.sample` file in each example folder to create this file.

4. Run the Terraform module for the chosen deployment type:

```bash
terraform init
terraform apply
```

Once the deployment completes, you can create CDP Data Hubs and Data Services from the CDP Management Console (https://cdp.cloudera.com/).

## Clean up the infrastructure

If you no longer need the infrastructure that’s provisioned by the Terraform module, run the following command to remove the deployment infrastructure and terminate all resources.

```bash
terraform destroy
```

## Dependencies

To set up CDP via deployment automation using this guide, the following dependencies must be installed in your local environment:

* Terraform can be installed by following the instructions at https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/downloads

Configure Terraform Provider for AWS or Azure

* Configure the Terraform Provider for CDP with access key ID and private key by dowloading or creating a CDP configuation file.
  * See the [CDP documentation for steps to Generate the API access key](https://docs.cloudera.com/cdp-public-cloud/cloud/cli/topics/mc-cli-generating-an-api-access-key.html).

* To create resources in the Cloud Provider, access credentials or service account are needed for authentication.
  * For **AWS** access keys are required to be able to create the Cloud resources via the Terraform aws provider. See the [AWS Terraform Provider Documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#authentication-and-configuration).
  * For **Azure**, authentication with the Azure subscription is required. There are a number of ways to do this outlined in the [Azure Terraform Provider Documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs#authenticating-to-azure).
